"It's Your Birthday" Mateo Said. I Didn't Respond. "Are You Not Excited To Be 15" He Asked. Reading My Book I Uttered "I Turned 15 Long Ago"
A tv isn't a tv. A phone isn't a phone. A screen isn't a screen. You all are staring at pixels. Feel dumb yet? Electricity to b exact
All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me. So What?
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election.
Basically clouds are a large collection of very tiny droplets of water or ice crystals. Whats your point?
Believe you me, I'm going to build a great wall
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Can you match my intelligence? I doubt it.
Debate me anytime. I'll be studying philosophy with a minor in economics (Honours program), so I've got a strong understanding of this stuff.
Do some research. If you don't understand what I've said you're no where near my level.
Doctor Who is amazing, Its far to complex for your small unimaginative brain to handle, Which is why you dislike it so much.
Doctors are trash these days. I literally had to educate mine about the endocrine system alteration and it's effects on equilibrium.
Don't bother swiping right if you have an IQ lower than 135 because you won't be able to keep up.
FYI: The Olympics moves around the world almost as much as eclipses, and with the same frequency, yet nobody calls them rare.
For some reason it's acceptable for people to point out that I have no sense of humor but unacceptable for me to point out that they're actually just way too dumb to understand my dry wit
Haha you clearly dont know the English language or firearms. Assault is a verb not a noun. You assault someone using a weapon. There is no such thing as an assault rifle. LOL educate yourself before looking like an idiot.
How Can Mirrors Be Real If Our Eyes Aren't Real
How inept are these "adults" we speak of? At the age of 6 I was able to do my own laundry, clean dishes, and cook for myself(i particularly enjoyed Chicken Marsala). And I'm only 17
How many presidents from United States an average US citizen know? I'm from Europe and i know 25 of them
I Should Just Stop Tweeting, The Human Consciousness Must Raise Before I Speak My Juvenile Philosophy. / Shouts Out To @TIME
I Watch Twilight Every Night
I Will Always Give You The Truth I Will Never Lie To You In My music If You Cant Handle My Feelings And Emotions Please Unfollow Me
I am also the youngest entrepreneur in my family and town, I have a degree and frequently participate in the stock market, I'm about to buy a house and I'm considering getting myself a Porche Cayman ;)
I can fit more words in one sentence than a college professor can in an hour and a half.
I can't tell you. Way too complicated for a simple brain like yours.
I don't know why Stephen Hawking got so much praise. He wasn't even THAT smart.
I don't like "dumbing" myself down just so I can talk to others.
I guess I'm too intelligent to have ever worked in the food service industry, and yes I would like fries with that.
I have so many fabulous friends who happen to be gay, but I am a traditionalist.
I honestly think that most women aren't smart enough to hold a conversation with me.
I just gave a 10 minute lecture to six strangers in a bar about how you can't divide by zero.
I just sat at my desk, for 45 min, and calculated how many pages read for fun... my graphing calculator couldn't add that many numbers together.
I know more about ISIS than the generals do. Believe me.
I like China. I just sold an apartment for 15M to someone who was Chinese.
I mean what do you want me to say? He is a loser!
I read so much now, I've started citing books in every conversation.
I think I've quoted Aristotle 2x already today. It's only 10 am.
I was down there, and I watched our police and firemen, down at 7-Eleven
I will be phenomenal to the women. I mean, I want to help women.
I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will have Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.
I will literally block you for being dumb. I discriminate heavily against people with low IQs.
I wouldn’t say I’m a feminist. I think that would be, maybe, going too far.
I'm 12 I know more than most people with jobs.
I'm a Psych/Bio double major who did pre-med. I'm now doing a PHd program. Trust me, the courses I took are quite a notch above nursing.
I'm highly intelligent and I've never been to the opera, done yoga or have ever eaten at a fancy restaurant.
I'm in the group Mensa, which is a high-I.Q. organization.
I'm not in Highschool. While I've yet to attend a University (Liberal brain-wash camp), I've got a Master's level education.
I'm sensing some serious flaws in the mind and personality.
I'm sorry I dont know who Skrillex is. I was so busy listening to Bach, Chopin, Tchaikovsky, and other various classical artists that I forgot to go bumbling through Youtube to look for whatever that is.
I've never gone to formal schools, and I am very knowledgeable in a great deal of matter
Increasing the vernacluar of a swath of individuals is sometimes rather perplexing but best of luck to you
It's hard being stuck in your own brain
I’ve said if Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her.
Just goes to show you that being a software engineer does not necessarily indicate a high IQ or a well thought out world view ;)
Just took a few IQ tests including the practice Mensa and the Cambridge IQ test and my average of the 3 were 146.
Let's just say I've read a lot.
Momentum & energy transfer. Elastic & Inelastic Collisions. Spin-stabilized projectiles. Nothing like a good game of Football
Most Trees Are Blue
Most people come out of a day of midterms with a fried brain, but not me. My midterms were so easy that they left me unaffected.
My Cabinet has the highest IQ of any Cabinet ever assembled
My IQ is one of the highest — and you all know it! Please don’t feel so stupid or insecure; it’s not your fault.
My IQ test came back with a score of 146, higher than 99.9% of the population.
My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
My intelligence is the cause of and solution to all the problems I have on a daily basis, but whenever I talk about them, I always get chastised for bringing up the fact that I am smarter than average even though I am.
My intelligence is the focal point of my life.
Normal people arent quad lingual like me so I consider it a skill I need to flaunt, like a peacock.
Not impressive at all - if she could read a book about philosophy in 95 seconds - I would be impressed - this is just idiotic
Not to brag or anything but I'm really smart.
Number one, I have great respect for women. I was the one that really broke the glass ceiling on behalf of women, more than anybody in the construction industry.
Odd that we live in a time where telling people what is true in the face of what is false comes across as being a pompous ass
People think I can't possibly be funny merely because I don't tell jokes. In reality - jokes I make would go over yours, or anybody's head.
Ppl actually gotta Google that? Lol good thing they are planning on moving to Canada cause USA dont need no more dumba ppl lol
Pretty sure I actually disproved the Patagorean Theorem once and my teacher wrote it off.
School Is The Tool To Brainwash The Youth
Should I disclose my IQ to my manager? I'm afraid I'll trigger some insecurity in him and he'll start looking for reasons to get rid of me.
Smart people like me need to make it known or people assume I'm just like them.
Some Mexicans, I assume, are good people.
Sometimes I wonder if we'd have flying cars by now had civilization spent a little less brain energy contemplating Football.
Thanks, but I don't celebrate New Years. People like me are cognizant of the passing time on a daily, if not continuous, basis. Hence, I have no need for such a holiday.
That moment when ur meme is so intelligent half of the guys dont get it lol
The beauty of me is that I’m very rich.
The concept of global warming was created by the Chinese people.
The only card Hillary has is the woman's card. Loser!
The point is, you can never be too greedy.
There Is No Nutrients In Our Food Anymore Or In Our Soil OR IN OUR WATER
These girls don't trade crypto money and stock options for the kinda money like I do. They work in food service and barely make enough to cover their own rent.
Total Solar Eclipses occur somewhere on Earth every two years, or so. So just calm yourself when people tell you they're rare
Unawareness Is The Only Sin, And If You Were Aware You Would Know.
We are going to build a beautiful fabulous wall.
When I Die. Then You Will Realize
When You Live Your Whole Life In A Prison Freedom Can Be So Dull.
You Can Discover Everything You Need To Know About Everything By Looking At Your Hands
You Must Not Know Fashion
You Think You Get It. YOU DONT YOU DONT YOU DONT!!!!!!!
You're is just a remnant from old English. I went to private school. I now what I'm talking about.
You're not dumb. which is why I put up with you, but if you think you're smarter than me just stfu
Your comments reflect an intellect inversely proportional to your smugness.
just casually reading my green tea bottle and can mentally picture the atomic structures of 70% of the ingredients
other people: YOLO me: carpe diem quam minimum credula postero. If none of you peasants know what that means, it's taken from a Latin ode and translates to "sieze the day, put very little trust in tomorrow".
what I lack in appearance I make up for with intellect and a dry sense of humor that'll leave you thirsty
